Upgrade Tor binaries to v4.3.5 (#3844)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/Guides/UpgradeTorDaemons.md

> Check if there is a new Tor client. 

Author: @yahiheb can you format this document?

> Check if there is a new Tor client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if there is a new Tor Browser version.
```

> 
> Tor changelog here: https://gitweb.torproject.org/tor.git/plain/ChangeLog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tor changelog can found here: https://gitweb.torproject.org/tor.git/plain/ChangeLog
```

Download the latest stable Tor Browser from here: https://www.torproject.org/download/languages/

> - Windows x32

Reviewer 2: Question: Why x32?

Reviewer 3: Good catch, we were using x64 so far.

Author: Are you sure? Look at the current master https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/tree/master/WalletWasabi/TorDaemons

Author: Had a discussion with @nopara73 IRL. Tor 32 was used because in the oldern days he used Tor Expert Bundle to extract the binaries and that was only x32. It is more consistent to extract this from the browser. I upgraded to x64.

- Linux x64
- macOS x64

Do not copy PluggableTransports folder!

## Windows
msi => Browser\TorBrowser\Tor

## Linux
tar.gz => tor-browser_en-US\Browser\TorBrowser\Tor

## macOS
dmg => Tor Browser.app\Contents\MacOS\Tor

Do not delete Tor file from the original folder!

## Geoip files

msi => Browser\TorBrowser\Data\Tor

## Digest creation 

WalletWasabi\WalletWasabi.Packager> dotnet run -- onlycreatedigests

> Copy hashes without file names into WalletWasabi\WalletWasabi\TorDaemons\digests.txt (order of the hashes doesn't matter)

Reviewer 2: What hash function is used?

Reviewer 3: Who cares? 😄

Reviewer 2: I do. :-) I prefer clarity.

Author: SHA256 https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/blob/d9ef511de936c649b275844588f39eff8a593aa1/WalletWasabi/Helpers/HashHelpers.cs#L19

Reviewer 2: Yeah. It would be nice to have: `Digest creation (SHA-256)`.
